green flag is in the air
like Reichert leading the pack going
into turn number one packet cars
following all down the straightaway into
the first to third
three wide and three and four framer
nine nine two now singer the triple
seven Jamie now singer into three pocket
traffic going down a straightaway Troy
Miller Darren a twenty-nine Jim
Fitzpatrick jr. up high in the seventeen
are
Carrie Fritz facing traffic and turn
four down on the bottom and now Steve
smiley off the pace on the backstretch
and that's in front of the leaders there
goes Jeremy cost of the bottom made it
three wide and into the lead nice move
by Jeremy cross
I think it's a little out of shape and
here comes Reichert side-by-side race
lead battle
Shannon Weidler getting a little out of
shape in front of the leaders see what
happens here as they come by Ryker on
the top
going to the outside mic Reichert Jeremy
crossed on the bottom battle shaping ups
now a lap car piscano he's getting a
little out of shape given the leaders a
little bit of a heart check here 2nd 3rd
and 4th running through turns three and
four cuz Reichert sideways spinning
tagged by Jason Brown going to step on
it work his way down at a term for and
Mike Ryker picking up the victory